arrayequals.java: compares arrays to check the equality

arrayinitialize.java: array all initialized in one line and printed out.

arrayinitialize2.java: Arrays not in same line and printed out.

arraysort.java: Arrays.sort prints out the number from least value to the greatest value

breakoutwhilenested.java: 

bufferedreaderinput.java: Uses Bufferedeader to read characters and parsint to read integer and finally read out name.

continueexample.java: the Continue redo the loop. In the example, if the value of y is divisible by three, it does not print out and redo the loop.

copyarray.java: Copies an array from small prime and starting to replace another from a certain location.

doloop.java: Increase a the variable by adding while multiply by five but not changing the original value.

foreachloop.java: Just prints out the arrays. Yeah... That's it...

foreachmulti.java: Prints out arrays of array. Yeah......

forloop.java: Same thing as doloop except it uses for loop which is slightly shorter.

functionvoid.java: Void main is just adding two set of two numbers. Void add gives the variable or identit of them in list form and print out sum.

globalconstant.java: Similar to funtionvoid. Making two sets of two numbers and then create variable for them in list in w and h. And then multiply with 2.54 for each of them. 2.54 is in final meaning it can never be changed.

ifstatement.java: giving a instruction of what output needs to be made giving the condition. IN this case X is positive becuz the if condition says x is positive if it's bigger than 1.

joptionpaneinput.java: jOptionPane is basically a fancy input box function. That ask for things and output things.

localconstant.java: gives 2.54 an absolute variable and multiply other variables and print out

logic.java: when the variable is declared, the if staements declare which one it is supposed to determine. the symbol ! Can be used to determine things as false. So in this case (!x && y && z) is the right one. And then a is in range between 1.5 and 1.2 because it is.

mainargsarray.java: Giving each given strings its args in a list.

mathoperatorsfunctions.java: declared variables with values. And then print out of different calculation. With % print out remainder of division. Math.pow prints out the first number of list to the power of the second number. Math.Sqrt does square root. Math.cos(Math.Pi) pritns out the cos of Pi (its two functions together).

multidimensionalarray.java: There are lists in form of a list. The loop of row is in range of the length of list so it can print out all the list. The loop of col is in range of the amount of each list so it all numbers are printed out in each lists.

nesteddowhile.java: loop of col is always = 1 again after the inner loop has col increase also has the limit of printing 3 times. Loop of row only = 1 outside and always adds 1 and inside the inner loop it times col. Has restriction of printing 4 times.

nestedfor.java: row starts from 1 and adds 1 every time col is added with one and mulitply row.

nestedif.java: if x is greater than 0, proceed to checking if y is greater than or lesser than 0. 

nestedswitchstatement.java: the value of x is used with the case. So x = 1. Than case being printed out is case(1). Same goes for y and y is inside case(1).

nestedwhile.java: similar to nesteddowhile. Except it doesnt use do loop but instead while loop with same condition being used in nesteddowhile.

overloadedfunction.java: finishing all operation in main and print out in rest of of statics.

raggedarray.java: First time row prints out [0][0] and in another loop it is declare [0][1] after ragged[0] = int[2] and the loop condition was < row's length. Rest of them print out the list given already because there are no value switching. 

randomnumber.java: Loop goes 10 times. Print out random doubles.

reinitializearray.java: Prints out given array list. And then reinitialize them for the second loop.

scannerinput.java: Request for name and date on today. The date of today would change the scanner from string to int. and then print out add the date of today and say what tomorrow is.

searcharray.java: Prints out array list. Search for the value of index which is 2 because 4 is in the third place in order which is known as [2] in a list.

stringtonumber.java: In different variables, given same value in form of context but different type in identifying. The numbers are switch to strings or int and etc throughout.

switchstatement.java: Skip first two case because x do not equal to them. X = 3 but case 3 and 4 do not have anything hence skip to case 5.  

typecast.java: x = a double. y = x in int. Thus y = 11 because it rounds x.

types.java: Just printing out whats given to each variables

whileloop.java: x loop imited in 10. in loop, print out x * 5 and then x increase 1 more every loop.